#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "palatino" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In my job market paper I study the information disclosure problem in two-sided
 matching platforms.
 I show that although information availability benefits participants of
 the markets 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
with pronounced heterogeneity
\end_layout

\end_inset

, the downside is that rich information intensifies search and lowers match
 rate.
 As a result, the platform's policy of limiting information can increase
 the total surplus generated on the platform.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I study a model in which time-sensitive buyers contact sellers...
 [explain model quickly].
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
My first result is that the full disclosure brings about an inefficient
 outcome.
 The are two main reasons for that: cross-side effect and the same-side
 effect.
 First, revealing buyer information to sellers stimulates sellers to cream-skim.
 Specifically, more information increases sellers' return on search that
 leads to sellers rejecting the matches that are valuable to the buyers.
 Based on the stylized facts from online marketplaces, this I think is the
 strongest force that determines the optimal information design.
 Second, information availability promotes the coordination failure among
 sellers.
 Intuitively, each seller keeps his schedule open by rejecting low-value
 buyers in order to increase his individual chances of getting the high-value
 buyers.
 As a result, the seller spend a lot of time waiting for the most valuable
 buyers.
 Collectively, this behavior is suboptimal because all valuable jobs have
 to be accepted to maximize the joint profits.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
10-minute spiel for the interview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Tell us about your job market paper.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Problems with this spiel: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
I never mention the seller coordination failure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The first two minutes do not consitute a 2-min spiel
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my job market paper I study how withholding of information can improve
 efficiency of two-sided matching platforms.
 We know that when buyers and sellers are heterogeneous, providing information
 about the trading partners is key because it lets the market participants
 form the most 
\series bold
valuable
\series default
 matches.
 However, more information also makes the participants pickier, and this
 decreases the 
\series bold
rate
\series default
 at which the matches are formed.
 As a result, in the fast-moving marketplaces where speed matters, information
 availability may decrease the total surplus.
 In this situation, the platform's strategic decision to limit information
 the participants observe about each other improves welfare.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Let me give you an example.
 In Uber marketplace, a driver receives requests from passengers and has
 an option to accept or reject each request.
 The current version of UberX shows to drivers the passenger's rating, name
 and location but does 
\series bold
not
\series default
 show the passenger's destination until after the driver accepts the request.
 Well, the drivers 
\series bold
care
\series default
 about where the passenger is going.
 Typically, the drivers don't like doing short trips or traveling to remote
 neighborhoods.
 So why does Uber not let the drivers choose what's in their best interest?
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
last sentence—you are overselling.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my paper, I study this question in a general framework that applies also
 to matching platforms for rental housing and labor contracting, such as
 Airbnb and TaskRabbit.
 I show that it is efficient, in terms of the total surplus, for the platform
 to withhold information the sellers can observe about the buyers.
 Then in the second part of the paper, I characterize the optimal disclosure
 policy in several environments.
 [2:00]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
What's exactly the problem with disclosing buyer information to the sellers?
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
My first main result is that information withholding can be a Pareto improvement
 for both buyer and seller surpluses.
 Let me tell you why.

\bar default
 First, for the buyers.
 Revealing buyer information to sellers stimulates sellers to cream-skim.
 Specifically, sellers will single out the matches valuable to them but
 reject the matches that are valuable to the buyers.
 Now, information availability also makes sellers worse off as a whole.
 Intuitively, each seller keeps his schedule open by rejecting low-value
 matches in order to increase his individual chances of getting the high-value
 matches.
 As a result, the sellers spend a lot of time waiting for the most valuable
 buyers.
 Collectively, this behavior is suboptimal because all valuable matches
 have to be accepted in order to maximize the joint seller surplus.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The platform's policy of withholding the buyer information reduces sellers'
 cream-skimming behavior, and improves the efficiency of the marketplace.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the Uber example, the policy of information disclosure governs what passenger
 characteristics are revealed to the driver and how coarse.
 For concreteness, full disclosure is when Uber shows the exact passenger
 destination.
 Coarse disclosure would be to create three categories, say, close ride,
 medium ride, far ride, and show to the driver only the category.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
How should information be withheld?
\bar default
 It depends on the details of the seller side of the market.
 There are 4 sources of heterogeneity: both buyer and seller characteristics
 potenially affect both buyer and seller payoff.
 For my second main result I leave only the seller preference over buyers—the
 one that we care the most about—and shut down the other three.
 For my third main result, I allow seller preferences to vary.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
the general question of when a matching platform should limit information
 that its users see about each other, and I show that to improve total surplus
 the platform should limit information.
 I also characterize the optimal disclosure policy in several environments.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Why is limiting information welfare improving? The key tradeoff for a matching
 platform is between match quality and match rate.
 Let me return to my Uber example.
 The base effect goes as follows.
 On the one hand, disclosing more information to an Uber driver increases
 his ex ante match quality because he can choose what's better for him.
 On the other hand, it may decrease the match rate.
 Lower match rate means longer wait times.
 Passengers do not like waiting, and so low match rate hurts passenger surplus.
 Therefore, limiting information can increase match rate and increase buyer
 suprlus more than it hurts the seller surplus.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
[Let me tell you the exact model I am working in.

\bar default
 There are three groups of players: buyers, sellers, and the platform itself.
 Buyer search for sellers, they don't care who they match with but want
 to match quickly.
 Sellers receive buyer requests and choose what buyers to accept and whom
 to reject.
 The sellers have limited capacity for serving buyers, derive heterogeneous
 payoffs from being matched with different buyers, maximize their average
 profit flow, and don't care about match rate per se.
 The platform is information intermediary between buyers and sellers.
 It designs an information disclosure policy that governs what buyer characteris
tics sellers see before accepting a match.
 ]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I have three main results.
 First, I show that the full information disclosure is inefficient.
 Second, I show that when the platform knows seller preferences, then there
 is a disclosure policy that restores the full efficiency, and this policy
 is very coarse.
 Finally, as my main technical contribution, I characterize the optimal
 disclosure policy in the case when sellers have distinct preferences over
 buyers which are unknown to the platform.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\bar under
Now let me tell you in more detail why the full disclosure is not efficient.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Disclosing more buyer information to sellers increases sellers' 
\series bold
return on search
\series default
.
 As a result, sellers will 
\series bold
cream-skim
\series default
: They reject low-value buyers to chase the high-value buyers.
 Even though seller match 
\series bold
quality
\series default
 
\series bold
increases
\series default
, the match 
\series bold
rate
\series default
 can go 
\series bold
down
\series default
.
 For sellers it's fine.
 But for the platform it is not fine, because it also cares about the buyers
 who disproportionately value high match rate.
 In other words, in the full-disclosure equilibrium sellers resolve the
 match quality–match rate tradeoff inefficiently.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
Now let me tell you how in the case of observable seller preferences, informatio
n coarsening restores the full efficiency.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As I just told you, full disclosure brings about an inefficient market outcome.
 The disclosure policy that restores efficiency is very coarse
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
 and its design relies on the revelation principle
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 The optimal policy signals to sellers an 
\series bold
action recommendation: 
\series default
that is says whether the seller is supposed to accept or reject a given
 buyer.
 The recommendations are designed so that only efficient matches are accepted,
 and the sellers obey the recommendations because the platform knows seller
 preferences and can make sure sellers stay profitable when they follow
 the recommendations to accept or reject.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What exactly is the mechanism behind why information coarsening affects
 seller behavior? A key observation is that the platform can increase a
 seller's expected marginal profit by limiting the information revealed
 to him.
 To do so, it should pool the attractive jobs with marginally unattractive
 jobs putting more weight on attractive jobs.
 Marginally unattractive are the jobs that are marginally profitable and
 are rejected because a seller prefers to wait for a better job.
 Attractive jobs are the profitable jobs that are accepted.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
Now let me tell you about my main technical contribution, which is the case
 of unobservable seller heterogeneity.
 
\bar default
[It's getting quite technical from here on.] When the sellers have different
 preferences over buyers, the total-surplus-maximizing platform should disclosur
e more, so that sellers have information needed to stay profitable on the
 platform.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Imagine that there are two types of sellers, professionals and amateurs,
 and professionals can profitably complete a larger set of jobs than amateurs.
 When a platform coarsens disclosure to increase the professionals' expected
 marginal profit, the amateurs' marginal profit goes down.
 Therefore, the optimal disclosure policy depends on the distribution of
 seller types.
 Moreover, when sellers are forward-looking, their payoff is affected by
 the entire distribution of signals, and not just the posterior mean.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Therefore, a disclosure problem with forward-looking sellers is hard, and
 my paper is the first one who analyzes it.
 ...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I'm doing information design in decentralized matching markets, with application
 to online marketplaces, such as Airbnb.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In decentralized matching markets it is important that buyers and sellers
 find and form the most valuable matches.
 But it is also important that the matches happen fast.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Let me give you an example.
 On Uber, a driver wants to know the passenger's star rating, where the
 passenger is going and maybe the passenger's gender.
 At first sight, it makes perfect sense for the platform designer to show
 to the driver all information it has about the passenger.
 However, more information increases the return to search and screening.
 The driver will reject low-value rides, such as short rides or rides to
 remote neighborhoods, because he knows there will be more requests coming.
 As a result, the passenger will wait long to get a ride, which decreases
 user experience for passengers.
 Uber is a two-sided market so it cares about both sided, drivers and passengers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I study how a two-sided platform should design an information disclosure
 policy to alleviate sellers cream-skimming behavior and improve efficiency.
 E.g.
 what passenger attributes on Uber, or guest attributes on Airbnb should
 be made visible to sellers? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I develop a model of market with search and matching, where sellers have
 limited capacities.
 I show that 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Potential questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
What a disclosure policy? How does the platform disclose information? How
 do you model it?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Buyers have types, which are relevant for sellers (destination on Uber).
 The platform maps buyer types into signals, and shows to sellers only the
 signals.
 If all possible desitnation locations are broken down into three groups,
 then there are just three signals.
 Such a disclosure policy is quite coarse.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Why do we care about online marketplaces?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Is it a Hirshleifer effect?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
No, the Hirshleifer effect is about risk-sharing, while my framework is
 about search frictions.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
