#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "palatino" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\author -484307115 "Gleb Romanyuk"
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Itemize
[] What side does what? It's easy to lose track of the things...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[X] Mark remembered that full disclosure is inefficient but didnt' remember
 why.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[] Start with an example, and use it as a glimpse of the model to overview
 the main three results.
 Then go into the details.
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1480953186

\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\change_inserted -484307115 1480963310
To get to the hotel from the airport, I took an Uber, but the Uber driver
 didn't know where he was going before picking me up.
 ...
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\change_inserted -484307115 1480963318
[] say what platform can and cannot do.
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Add: discrimination is one reason to withhold information but I study an
 economic reason.
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1480963974

\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\change_inserted -484307115 1480963991
[] for empiricists, ...
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
sound more enthusiastic.
 Don't fickle your fingers, don't swing on the chair.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
do you have any other papers you'd like to tell us about? 
\change_inserted -484307115 1480953248

\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\change_inserted -484307115 1480953274
[] Prepare 3-5 min spiel for each paper on my CV (before Mon Dec 12).
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
The spiel for the interview (15 mins)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

TELL US ABOUT YOUR JOB MARKET PAPER.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my job market paper, I study how a matching platform can strategically
 limit information exchange between buyers and sellers and improve the efficienc
y of the marketplace.
 We know that when buyers and sellers are heterogeneous, providing information
 about the trading partners is key because it lets the market participants
 form the most 
\series bold
valuable
\series default
 matches.
 However, more information also makes the participants pickier, and this
 decreases the 
\series bold
rate
\series default
 at which the matches are formed.
 As a result, information availability slows down the matching that leads
 to lower surplus in the markets where speed matters.
 The high-level result of the paper is that when each side of the market
 has preferences over the other side and search is costly, the platform's
 strategic decision to withhold information the participants observe about
 each other can be welfare-improving.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Let me give you an example.
 In Uber marketplace, a driver receives requests from passengers and has
 an option to accept or reject each request.
 In the current version of UberX the drivers see the passenger's rating,
 name and location but do 
\series bold
not
\series default
 see the passenger's destination until after the driver picks up the passenger.
 Well, the drivers 
\series bold
care
\series default
 about where the passenger is going.
 Typically, the drivers don't like doing short trips or traveling to remote
 neighborhoods where it's hard to get another passenger.
 The question is: Is there a case for such information withholding to improve
 the 
\series bold
efficiency
\series default
 of the marketplace? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
So why does Uber not let the drivers choose what's in their best interest?
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
last sentence—you are overselling.
 But am I? 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my paper, I study this question in 
\bar under
a general framework 
\bar default
that applies also to matching platforms for housing rental and labor contracting
, such as Airbnb and TaskRabbit.
 In my model, buyers contact sellers and want to match quickly.
 Sellers receive buyer requests and choose which to accept and which to
 reject.
 The sellers have limited capacity for serving buyers and most importantly,
 seller have preferences over buyers.
 The platform chooses a disclosure policy on the seller side of the market,
 namely it chooses how to reveal buyer characteristics to the sellers.
 I allow for arbitrary disclosure policies, that is, for an arbitrary mapping
 from buyer types to signals.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I have three main results.
 First, I show that full disclosure of buyer characteristics is Pareto-inefficie
nt.
 In the second and the third, I characterize the optimal disclosure policy
 in different environments.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
For example,
\bar default
 Back to the Uber example, a disclosure policy governs what passenger characteri
stics are revealed to the driver and how coarsely.
 Full disclosure is the one when Uber shows the exact passenger destination.
 A coarse disclosure would be, for example, to partition all destination
 into three categories, close ride, medium-range ride, far ride, and show
 to the driver only the category the destination belongs to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
My first main result is that under the full disclosure, a combination of
 buyer and seller surpluses is Pareto-inefficient.
 
\bar default
The result has two parts to it.
 Let me tell you first why the 
\series bold
total
\series default
 surplus is low under the full disclosure , and then why the joint 
\series bold
seller
\series default
 surplus is low.
 The key for the total surplus part is that the set of seller-valuable matches
 is distinct from the set of efficient matches.
 Revealing information about match valuations stimulates sellers to cream-skim:
 Sellers will single out the matches valuable to them but reject other matches
 that are valuable to the buyers.
 Disclosing more information reduces the platform's ability to induce sellers
 to accept the efficient matches.
 Withholding information makes sellers less picky, they settle for less,
 and can be directed towards accepting the efficient matches.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now, what is more interesting is that sellers as a whole are also worse
 off under the full information disclosure.
 It happens due to seller coordination failure.
 Intuitively, each seller keeps his schedule open by rejecting the low-value
 matches in order to increase his individual chances of getting the high-value
 matches.
 As a result, the sellers spend a lot of time waiting for the most valuable
 matches.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
the implicit assumption is that seller preferences are positively correlated
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Collectively, this behavior is suboptimal because all seller-valuable matches
 have to be accepted in order to maximize the joint seller surplus.
 The platform's policy of withholding the buyer information reduces sellers'
 cream-skimming behavior, and improves the efficiency of the marketplace.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
To summarize the reason behind the first result in one sentence, full disclosure
 is inefficient because it stimulates search, and search generates same-side
 and cross-side externalities.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[A key observation is that the platform can increase a seller's expected
 marginal profit by limiting the information revealed to him.
 To do so, it should pool the attractive jobs with marginally unattractive
 jobs putting more weight on attractive jobs.
 Marginally unattractive are the jobs that are marginally profitable and
 are rejected because a seller prefers to wait for a better job.
 Attractive jobs are the profitable jobs that are accepted.
 ]
\bar under

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\bar under
[Let me tell you the exact model I am working in.

\bar default
 There are three groups of players: buyers, sellers, and the platform itself.
 Buyer search for sellers, they don't care who they match with but want
 to match quickly.
 Sellers receive buyer requests and choose what buyers to accept and whom
 to reject.
 The sellers have limited capacity for serving buyers, derive heterogeneous
 payoffs from being matched with different buyers, maximize their average
 profit flow, and don't care about match rate per se.
 The platform is information intermediary between buyers and sellers.
 It designs an information disclosure policy that governs what buyer characteris
tics sellers see before accepting a match.
 ]
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
Now let me move on to the next part of the paper where I study the optimal
 disclosure policy on the seller side of the market.

\bar default
 The optimal policy depends on the details of the seller side, and I study
 this question in two environments.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In the whole generality, the matching payoffs have a complex structure because
 there are 4 sources of heterogeneity in matching payoffs: both buyer and
 seller characteristics potenially affect both buyer and seller payoffs,
 and the platform only partially observes each source of heterogeneity.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

In the first environment, the platform knows the sellers' preferences; and
 in the second environment, the seller preferences are unknown to the platform.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
Let me start with the case of known seller preferences.

\bar default
 I show that there is a very coarse disclosure policy with just two signals
 that implements an economic outcome with both higher buyer and seller surpluses.
 Let me walk you through the logic of the result.
 Take an economic outcome that Pareto dominates the full disclosure outcome
 and is achiavable with 
\series bold
some
\series default
 sellers' acceptance strategies.
 As I just argued, such an outcome exists.
 The disclosure policy that implements the dominant outcome is as follows.
 For any given buyer, send to the seller one of two signals: either a
\series bold
 
\series default
recommendation to accept or a recommendation to reject.
 The recommendations are chosen such that, if followed, they implement the
 dominant outcome.
 By the revelation principle, two signals is sufficient, because sellers
 have two actions.
 The sellers follow the recommendations because the platform knows the sellers
 preferences, and so the recommendations are valuable to each seller.
 Notice that this argument can also be applied to any point on the Pareto
 frontier that doesn't violate sellers' participation constraint, and so
 any such Pareto-efficient outcome can be implemented.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
Now let me tell you about my main technical contribution, which is the case
 of unobservable seller preferences.
 
\bar default
In the whole generality, the matching payoffs have a complex structure because
 there are 4 sources of heterogeneity in matching payoffs: both buyer and
 seller characteristics potentially affect both buyer and seller payoffs.
 Therefore I restrict my attention to the setting where seller payoff is
 a linear function of seller and buyer type, and buyers have no preference
 over sellers.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
check: 
\begin_inset Formula $v(x,y)=y-x$
\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset Formula $u(x,y)=u$
\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 High seller types—call them professionals—can profitably complete a larger
 set of buyer tasks than low seller types—call them amateurs.
 The platform does not know if a given seller is a professional or an amateur,
 and this creates an additional tradeoff into the platform's disclosure
 problem.
 Specifically, if the platform was to withhold information in a way I described
 earlier to stimulate the 
\series bold
professionals
\series default
 accept more buyers, the 
\series bold
amateurs
\series default
 would stop working at all.
 To see why, note that the pool of buyers supposed to be accepted by professiona
ls contains a lot of buyers who has negative value for the amateurs.
 Therefore, the amateurs would reject the professional's recommendation
 to accept.
 This logic suggests that the platform should release more information so
 that sellers have information needed to stay profitable on the platform.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And indeed, welfare-maximizing disclosure policy in this case is more revealing
 than when seller preferences are known.
 In particular, I show that the optimal disclosure policy has the form of
 upper-coarsening, in which high buyer types are pooled, and low buyer types
 are perfectly revealed.
 And this is my third main result.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\bar under
Now let me tell you how I solve this disclosure problem.

\bar default
 Building on the information communication literature (Kamenica-Gentzkow
 2011), the platform's problem is a disclosure problem of buyer type to
 an unobservably heterogeneous audience of sellers, who are also forward-looking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I approach this problem by representing signaling structures as a particular
 class of convex functions and then using the calculus of variations to
 find the first-order necessary conditions.
 The best way to see that the optimal disclosure policy is qualitatively
 different when sellers are forward-looking, consider the uniform distribution
 of seller types and the platform's objective to maximize the average acceptance
 rate.
 In this case, when the sellers are unconstrained, the disclosure policy
 does not affect the matching rate.
 However, when sellers are constrained, the strict optimal disclosure policy
 is upper-coarsening.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this case, the design of the optimal information disclosure is a nontrivial
 problem.
 To see why, note that with forward-looking sellers, the information disclosure
 policy determines not only the seller’s stage payoff but also the distribution
 of his potential future payoffs.
 As a result, a seller’s decision to accept depends not only on the posterior
 mean of the buyer type–which is standard in this literature—but also on
 the entire signaling structure.
 This makes a typical approaches in the literature, such as concavification
 as in the recent bayesian persuasion literature, is unsuitable for the
 analysis of my model.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
pure speaking time is 15 minutes
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Alternative structure: Change the second main result from the optimality
 under known seller preferences to the differential effect of info withholding
 (MP vs AP).
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Other questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

WHAT KIND OF WORK ARE YOU GONNA BE DOING IN THE NEXT FIVE YEARS?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\change_inserted -484307115 1480953303
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My primary research interests lie in the area of microeconomic theory, market
 design, the economics of digitization, and industrial organization.
\change_inserted -484307115 1480953636

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One important market design question I am interested in is the degree of
 market centralization.
 With the developemnts in communication technologies, the question has become
 relevant for the ogranization of digital marketplaces.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am interested in the role of standards in markets, especially as a design
 decision in digital markets.
 For example, Milgrom shows that conflation of keywords helps improve revenues
 in online advertising but his argument operates only on one side of the
 market.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another question I am interested in is the breadth of the marketplace.
 What should be a strategy for a labor platform: be one-stop shop for a
 multiple of tasks, or specialize to a narrow group of tasks.
 Where do complementarities are coming from, demand side or supply side?
 Which are more important? 
\change_inserted -484307115 1480953662

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_inserted -484307115 1480953678
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -484307115 1480953672


\backslash
bigskip 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

WHAT'S YOUR NEXT QUESTION?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_inserted -484307115 1480954344
We do not completely understand how information design interacts mechanism
 design and pricing schemes.
 In my job market paper I study an information design question of information
 disclosure.
 The question is whether the same outcomes can be implemented by some pricing
 schemes? What is the benefit of using transfers over strategic information
 manipulation? My intuition is that mechanism and information design are
 complimentary.
 One reason information design can be preferred, for the designer it can
 be easier to enforce uniformity of goods with few prices than computing
 fine prices for all transaction.
 This inuition is based on Ilya Segal's work on communication complexity.
 The other reason is that if the designer opt out of pricing and lets the
 markets work, the existing markets can be too thin under pronounced heterogenei
ty.
 Withholding information thickens the markets and makes them work.
 The latter line of logic was used in Milgrom's work on conflation in advertisin
g markets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
bigskip
\end_layout

\end_inset


\change_deleted -484307115 1480953674

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

WHAT CLASSES CAN YOU TEACH?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{document}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Potential questions to the spiel
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you think Uber cares about efficiency? Do you study the case when it
 is profit-maximizer? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Yes.
 Literally, a hiring ad I received from Lyft had a line: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

We are looking for an economist to help us efficiently match supply and
 demand.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
How broadly does it apply? What's different from a regulator in a normal
 market with buyers and sellers? 
\change_inserted -484307115 1480963267

\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\change_inserted -484307115 1480963281
What would you hide in the other examples, labor platforms and Airbnb? 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
If full disclosure always inefficient?? I can see a mechanism but I am surprised
 it is always the case.
 Can you tell me more about that? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
I said 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The sellers accept the set of matches that are valuable to them, and this
 set does not coincide with the set of efficient matches.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Why? 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

I study a setting with pronounced heterogeneity, so that buyer and seller
 preferences over matches are not aligned.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Isn't there a price mechanism to take care of it? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Prices are fixed.
 I am interested in the following question.
 Fix prices; what can the platform do just by manipulating the information
 the sellers observe about the buyers?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Do you have a story why Uber is doing it using information and not prices?
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
In practice it may be easier to implement information withholding than a
 fine pricing.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Can you say in one sentence what externality a seller imposes by accepting
 or rejecting a match? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Yes.
 The externality has to do with the constrained capacity.
 When a seller rejects a buyer request, he stays available on the marketplace,
 and attracts a fraction of buyers that otherwise would go to his competitiors.
 As a result, the other sellers face a weaker demand, and are worse off.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
But isn't the case that rejected buyers go to the other sellers? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
In the base model the buyers make a single request attempt.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_deeper
\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Is there a differential sense to your first result? If I decrease information
 a little bit, does it necessarily increase the surplus? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Yes, I can tell you the differential result.
 The short answer is that the effect on surplus depends on how exactly you
 restrict the information.
 In a generic case, there is always a perturbation to full disclosure that
 increases the surplus and a perturbation that decreases the surplus.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
What's a disclosure policy? How does the platform disclose information?
 How do you model it?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Buyers have types, which are relevant for sellers (destination on Uber).
 The platform maps buyer types into signals, and shows to sellers only the
 signals.
 If all possible destination locations are broken down into three groups,
 then there are just three signals.
 Such a disclosure policy is quite coarse.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you think this technical approach (representation+calculus of variations)
 is applicable to other problem and will be valuable to other people? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Yes.
 The approach is quite general and can be applied to other disclosure problems.
 Especially it will be useful in the situations where the receivers optimal
 actions depend not only on the posterior mean of the signal but on the
 entire signaling structure.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Do you allow for the sellers to reveal their types? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
No, sellers do not reveal their types, and neither the platform tries to
 elicit them.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
If you allow for communication between sellers and the platform, will the
 results change? 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
I do not know in my setting, but a paper by Kolotilin et al.
 showed that communication does not matter in the special case of my model,
 when the matching is static and seller are not limited in capacity.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Why do we care about online marketplaces?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Is it a Hirshleifer effect?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
No, the Hirshleifer effect is about risk-sharing, while my framework is
 about search frictions.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
