#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection
version
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
the positive direct and the negative indirect effects.
 Call the direct effect on sellers 
\emph on
Individual Choice effect
\emph default
.
 It is well understood.
 From an individual seller’s point of view, more information increases his
 set of attainable payoffs.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
See 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "Bla53"

\end_inset

 for the early development.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

 Holding the other sellers' behavior fixed, he individually benefits from
 more information about buyers.
 The indirect effect of information disclosure on buyers is the 
\emph on
Buyer-Rejection effect
\emph default
.
 More information available to sellers reduces the platform's ability to
 induce sellers to accept buyer-valuable jobs.
 The indirect effect of information disclosure on strategic interaction
 between sellers is the
\emph on
 Option Value effect
\emph default
.
 The Option Value effect is novel to the persuasion literature, and arises
 only when sellers have limited capacity.
 More information available to sellers increases their ability to 
\emph on
cream-skim
\emph default
 the stream of jobs and increases the option value of rejection.
 In equilibrium, the Option Value effect leads to a range profitable jobs
 being rejected, which hurts the joint seller surplus.
 Both the Buyer-side and the Option Value effects lead to sellers' cream-skimmin
g — rejection rates are inefficiently high.
 Therefore, the Buyer-side and the Option Value effects give a motive to
 the platform to coarsen information.
 Conversely, the Individual Choice effect gives a motive to disclose information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
version
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In decentralized matching markets, such as market for lodging, labor market,
 dating market and others, information availability about goods or trading
 partners is the key.
 Complete information lets the participants identify the most valuable opportuni
ties.
 Online platforms spend recources to elicit information from its users.
 However, giving more information to users increases their return to search
 and waiting and leads to 
\emph on
cream-skimming
\emph default
.
 In fast-moving marketplaces, cream-skimming degrades marketplace performance.
 For example, on Uber, if drivers often reject passenger requests, passengers
 will have long wait times.
 On Airbnb, if hosts often reject guest inquiries, guests have to spend
 more time and effort searching.
 What is the right information intermediation policy for the platform that
 cares about both sides of the market? What does it depend on?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Model overview
\end_layout

\end_inset

I study the information intermediation problem in the context of the following
 model.
 In the base setting, buyers are short-lived and care about rejection rates
 but do not care about who they match with.
 Sellers are long-lived, care less about matching rate but care about who
 they match with.
 Buyers contact sellers with a request of service.
 Sellers have limited capacity for serving buyers: if a seller accepts a
 job, he becomes busy for a period of time and cannot accept new jobs.
 The platform designs an information disclosure policy that governs what
 buyer information is available to sellers before they decide to accept
 or reject the buyer request.
 I consider the general platform's objective of maximizing the weighted
 average of buyer surplus and seller profits but for concreteness take welfare-m
aximization.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
ifdraft
\end_layout

\end_inset


\series bold
[explain the platform's tradeoff between basic match quality/match speed]
\series default
 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
fi
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Given the buyer and seller preferences, to achieve efficiency the platform
 should achieve high match quality also making sure that the matches happen
 at a reasonable rate.
 However, match quality and match speed are in conflict.
 On the one hand, enforcing higher match rate requires sellers to accept
 more jobs.
 This degrades seller match quality because they need to accept more inferior
 jobs.
 As a result seller welfare decreases.
 On the other hand, letting sellers pick the most valuable buyers implies
 high rejection rates.
 High rejections rates decrease match speed and reduce buyer surplus.
 For example, on Uber, if drivers often reject passenger requests, passengers
 will have long wait times.
 On Airbnb, if hosts often reject guest inquiries, guests have to spend
 more time and effort searching.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
version
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In decentralized matching markets, such as market for lodging, labor market,
 dating market and others, feature a high degree of heterogneity in buyer
 and seller preferences.
 The platform's goal is to enable value-creating matches.
 On the other hand, in fast-moving marketplaces, the speed at which matches
 form is also important.
 Match quality and match speed are often in conflict.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For example, on Uber, if drivers often reject passenger requests, passengers
 will have long wait times.
 On Airbnb, if hosts often reject guest inquiries, guests have to spend
 more time and effort searching.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
if I start this way, I then ask: how can information design improve? But
 then it's unclear why I am interested in disclosure policy as an intervention
 tool.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
It is better to motivate my paper by talking about information right from
 the getgo.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
