{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green30\blue30;\red69\green60\blue204;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17140\viewh12320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93
\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With the possibility of delay, firms may benefit from engaging in sequential rounds of interviews; this is outside of the scope of the current analysis. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93 \
\
\
\

\fs36 - Tomasz: talk to Pakes. Taxicab guy, trash guy from previous years. It may be good to hook up to these guys. 
\fs48 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
- Check the dynamic matching market literature from Pathak\'92s syllabus
\f1\fs6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 dfdf\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Calibration section for my paper? \
\
-Send Peter Coles my draft to connect with someone at Airbnb\
	- ask to present at Airbnb. Then meet with Andrey Liscovich, and the people at Science teams in Uber, Facebook, etc. \

\fs32 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
- Austin TX Uber ban. Facebook groups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
- check out the finance papers Thummim sent me. Think about Holmstrom (2008), talk to Thummim. Maybe we can write a paper. 
\f1\fs32 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
When a new draft is ready: \
- send out the file to Peter Coles, Jlib, Andrei Shleifer, Itai Ashlagi\
- ask to meet with Gentzkow. \
\
\
\
- sketch the landscape of the literature on online platform. What is important? what is interesting? what do people care about?\
\
\
\
- robin Lee work\
\
\
\
\
1. Work out next steps [for Susan]\
	- Explain what is subtle about the model\
	- be able to give an advice based on observable characteristics.\
\
\
\
\
\
Calibrate my model with data. \
\
\
\
\
Companies when they made a mistake and then changed the design. \
Shift car buy/sell service\
Sidecar, TaskRabbit, Thumbtack\
Expedia, Homeaway set booking fees. \
What else?\
Yandex? \
Experfy didn\'92t change. \
Convoy\
CoachUP\
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl700

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
YANDEX\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Overall assessment: it may be quite difficult to get (even some) data from the top of your list.\
Strategy to proceed:\
Think of how to make useful for Yandex what you do. Why it may be interesting to them..\
\
AND, Separately..\
Yandex occasionally published some iconographics on taxis, and, perhaps, directly contacting [bypassing me or Dilya] those people is a reasonable option to explore independently of anything [just search in Russian internet]}