#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}, urlcolor=[rgb]{0,0.2,0.5}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Research Statement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Gleb Romanyuk
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="1" columns="3">
<features tabularvalignment="middle">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="20text%">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="30text%">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="45text%">
<row>
<cell alignment="left" valignment="top" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Contact Information
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="left" valignment="top" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Littauer Center, 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

1805 Cambridge St.
 Cambridge, MA 02138 
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="left" valignment="top" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Email: 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "glebromanyuk@g.harvard.edu"
target "glebromanyuk@g.harvard.edu"
type "mailto:"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Web: 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "scholar.harvard.edu/gromanyuk"
target "http://www.scholar.harvard.edu/gromanyuk"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Phone: (617) 308-8394
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My primary research interests lie in the area of microeconomic theory, market
 design, game theory, and industrial organization.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My job marker paper “Ignorance is Strength: Improving Performance of Matching
 Markets by Limiting Information” develops a framework for analyzing information
 disclosure problem in matching markets.
 The model is a persuasion problem on the seller side of the market where
 sellers have preferences over buyers and limited capacity.
 I show that increased observability does not necessarily lead to market
 improvement.
 Specifically, full disclosure is Pareto-suboptimal for buyer and seller
 surpluses.
 Increased observability of buyer characteristic induces sellers to cream-skim,
 that is to reject inefficiently often.
 As a result, coarse information disclosure restores efficiency.
 The particular form of coarsening necessary to improve the efficiency depends
 on the details of the seller payoff function and private information.
 I characterize the optimal disclosure mechanism.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In a working paper “A Price Theoretic Model of Search Intermediation by
 Online Platforms” coauthored with Greg Lewis and Albert Wang, we analyze
 the incentives of online search intermediaries in environments where buyers
 must compete for limited supply (e.g.
 airlines, hotels).
 We find conditions on the primitives when an intermediary who maximizes
 seller revenue will optimally maintain positive search costs in order to
 steer searchers to the market where they generate the most revenue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I also have a coauthored paper (accepted to Theoretical Economics) 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Active Learning with a Misspecified Prior
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 with Drew Fudenberg and Philipp Strack.
 We study learning and information acquisition by a Bayesian agent whose
 prior belief is misspecified in the sense that it assigns probability zero
 to the true state of the world.
 We set up a learning model in continuous time, and using results from the
 theory of stochastic diffusion processes, provide a complete characterization
 of asymptotic actions and beliefs when the agent’s subjective state space
 is a doubleton.
 We find a novel interaction between misspecification and the agent’s discount
 rate.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
bigskip
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Research agenda.
 In the recent years, a number of innovative new companies appeared whose
 business model relies on some type of platform or market design.
 How should these markets be designed? Research questions on topics of marketpla
ce design and platform strategy are fascinating and increasingly relevant
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
E.g., 19% of the total US adult population has engaged in a sharing economy
 transaction (2015, PWC); by 2025, online talent platforms could boost global
 GDP by $2.7 trillion (McKinsey, 2015).
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 Concrete questions I want to explore include
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
product company vs.
 a platform, endogenous network effects (e.g.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "HW15-ManSc"

\end_inset

); 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

revenue maximizing matching
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, design of matching markets with endogenous participation; 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
the tradeoff between information elicitation and transaction costs (informally
 introduced in 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "EFL16"

\end_inset

);
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
centralized vs.
 decentralized marketplaces;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
the role of coarse information disclosure/standards/conflation in financial
 markets;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
universal marketplace vs.
 niche verticals.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given the abundance of data available on the digital economy, as well as
 other sectors affected by digitization, I am open to doing empirical work
 on these subjects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Online Marketplaces,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Auctions,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Theory,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Mechanism Design,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Applied Theory,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Math"
options "apecon"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
