#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{patterns,arrows,decorations.pathreplacing}
\usepackage{xcolor}
 \usepackage{relsize}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection*
Structure of the argument of the paper
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Important observation-1: In peer-to-peer markets, from the perspective of
 service providers, there is a tradeoff between match rate and match quality
 (average cost of performing a task).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Important observation-2: service providers' capacity utilization affects
 welfare on both sides of the market, and usually in the opposite directions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Capacity utilization is higher -> match rate is higher.
 Match rate is higher -> buyers are better off (I assume positive match
 value for buyers).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Conditional on service providers efficiently resolving match rate/match
 value tradeoff, if match rate is forced to be higher -> service providers
 are worse off.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Formally: I characterize the set of feasible market outcomes and demonstrate
 that points on the Pareto frontier (in the axis of consumer surplus and
 provider profits) exhibit different rates of capacity utilization.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Therefore, from the platform's perspective, there is a tradeoff between
 higher quality service for customers and participation of service providers,
 which operates through capacity utilization.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
A key insight is that segmentation of consumer tasks influences capacity
 utilitzation, and therefore can be used to balance the two sides of the
 market.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Result 1: In un-mediated dynamic peer-to-peer markets (all available information
 about buyer tasks is revealed), the market outcome is removed from the
 Pareto frontier.
 Reason — workers' coordination problem; due to scheduling externality they
 don't resolve match rate/match quality tradeoff optimally.
 Inefficiency arises due to dynamic nature of the matching.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The platform can use segmentation to imporove welfare generated on the platform.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Result 2: there is coarse segmentation that Pareto improves market outcome
 in equilibrium
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
2a: in case of identical workers, the Pareto frontier can be attained.
 2 segments is sufficient.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
2b: in case of heterogenous workers, many segments may be necessary, and
 the answer generally depends on the distribution of worker types.
 Namely, in static linear environment, larger fraction of high-skill workers
 implies the coarser segmentation is optimal.
 In dynamic spot matching environment, there are additional availability
 effect and patience effect.
 Availability effect warps the distribution of workers and creates the motive
 for the platform to make segmentation finer.
 Patience effect makes high skill workers relatively picky and encourages
 coarser segmentation of hard tasks.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Taking in consideration the network effects which arises due to the two-sided
 nature of the peer-to-peer market, consider the platform's market design
 problem of maximizing value generated on the platform.
 Comparative statics on how the economic primitives affect the optimal policy:
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Consumer search friction is high -> increase utilitzation 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Workers are picky -> lower utilization
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Workers are more capacity constrained (larger 
\begin_inset Formula $\tau$
\end_inset

) -> ...
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float figure
placement h
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
centering
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
input{pictures/pareto_frontier.tex}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Utility possibility set for aggregate buyers and aggregate workers.
 Segmentation can implement any point on the Pareto frontier (thick solid
 line).
 Acceptance rate 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha^{full-disc}$
\end_inset

 is the acceptance rate when workers act independently under full disclosure;
 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha^{coord}$
\end_inset

 is the worker-optimal acceptance rate; 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha^{max}$
\end_inset

 is the maximal feasible acceptance rate (also buyer optimal).
 The Pareto frontier is the set of border points between 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha^{coord}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha^{max}$
\end_inset

.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "fig:Outcomes-implementable-by"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
bigskip
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
This is what I want to present on the lunches in October.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
