#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection*
2 minute pitch
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'm doing information design in decentralized matching markets, with application
 to online marketplaces, such as Airbnb.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In decentralized matching markets it is important that buyers and sellers
 find and form the most valuable matches.
 But it is also important that the matches happen fast.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Let me give you an example.
 On Uber, a driver wants to know the passenger's star rating, where the
 passenger is going and maybe the passenger's gender.
 At first sight, it makes perfect sense for the platform designer to show
 to the driver all information it has about the passenger.
 However, more information increases the return to search and screening.
 The driver will reject low-value rides, such as short rides or rides to
 remote neighborhoods, because he knows there will be more requests coming.
 As a result, the passenger will wait long to get a ride, which decreases
 user experince for passengers.
 Uber is a two-sided market so it cares about both sided, drivers and passengers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I study how a two-sided platform should design an information disclosure
 policy to alleviate sellers cream-skimming behavior and improve efficiency.
 E.g.
 what passenger attributes on Uber, or guest attributes on Airbnb should
 be made visible to sellers? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I develop a model of market with search and matching, where sellers have
 limited capacities.
 I show that 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
