#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}, urlcolor=[rgb]{0,0.2,0.5}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\author -484307115 "Gleb Romanyuk"
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Research Statement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Gleb Romanyuk
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="1" columns="3">
<features tabularvalignment="middle">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="20text%">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="30text%">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" width="45text%">
<row>
<cell alignment="left" valignment="top" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Contact Information
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="left" valignment="top" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Littauer Center, 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

1805 Cambridge St.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Cambridge, MA 02138 
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="left" valignment="top" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Email: 
\family typewriter

\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "glebromanyuk@g.harvard.edu"
target "glebromanyuk@g.harvard.edu"
type "mailto:"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Web: 
\family typewriter

\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "scholar.harvard.edu/gromanyuk"
target "http://www.scholar.harvard.edu/gromanyuk"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Phone: (617) 308-8394
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My primary research interests lie in the area of microeconomic theory, market
 design, the economics of digitization, and industrial organization.
 My research is motivated by the observation that in order for 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865329
the
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865329
a
\change_unchanged
 market
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865330
s
\change_unchanged
 to work well, it is necessary to have clear rules of game that foster value
 creation and inhibit perverse behavior, such as deception, rent-seeking
\change_inserted -484307115 1479866338
,
\change_unchanged
 and others.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865393
Recently, t
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865393
T
\change_unchanged
he advances in IT technology and the spread of communication devices led
 to the rise of companies whose business model relies on 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479866398
some sort of
\change_unchanged
 platform or market design.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
E.g., 19% of the total US adult population has engaged in a sharing economy
 transaction (2015, PWC); by 2025, online talent platforms could boost global
 GDP by $2.7 trillion (McKinsey, 2015).
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 How should these markets be designed? An attractive feature of digital
 marketplaces is that the designer has 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479866535
a lot of
\change_inserted -484307115 1479866535
much
\change_unchanged
 control over the marketplace
\change_inserted -484307115 1479866465
 operations
\change_unchanged
 and potentially accumulates detailed transactions data.
 This presents an opportunity for conducting research and for creating new
 operations and business strategies.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_deleted -484307115 1479865499
My
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865501
Most of my
\change_unchanged
 research up to date has focused on the market design in online platforms,
 matching markets and auction design.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my job marker paper “Ignorance is Strength: Improving the Performance
 of Matching Markets by Limiting Information” I study the role of information
 intermediation in matching markets.
 Although in markets with pronounced heterogeneity the provision of information
 is generally perceived to be critical for efficiency, I show that increased
 observability at the search stage does not necessarily lead to market improveme
nt.
 The paper develops a framework for analyzing the platform's design decisions
 on 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479866578
the 
\change_unchanged
disclosure of the participants' characteristics to each other.
 The model is a persuasion problem on the seller side of the market where
 sellers have preferences over buyers and limited capacity.
 I show that full disclosure is Pareto-suboptimal for buyer and seller surpluses.
 Increased observability of buyer characteristic induces sellers to cream-skim,
 that is to reject inefficiently many buyers.
 As a result, limiting information improves efficiency.
 The particular form of the optimal disclosure policy depends on the details
 of the seller payoff function and the structure of the private information,
 which I characterize in the paper.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In a working paper “A Price Theoretic Model of Search Intermediation by
 Online Platforms” coauthored with Greg Lewis and Albert Wang, we analyze
 the incentives of online search intermediaries in environments where buyers
 must compete for limited supply (e.g.
 airlines, hotels).
 We find conditions on the primitives when an intermediary who maximizes
 seller revenue will optimally maintain positive search costs in order to
 steer searchers to the market where they generate the most revenue.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another working paper 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Position auctions with endogenous supply
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 coauthored with Sergei Izmalkov and Dilya Khakimova, studies the auction
 design for online advertising market.
 We consider a multi-object private values setting with quantity externalities.
 For example, the likelihood a customer will respond to an advertisement
 is higher the fewer other advertisements are shown; a spectrum license
 is more valuable the fewer licenses are being allocated.
 We solve the problem of finding revenue maximizing and efficiently allocating
 auctions in such a setting.
 We demonstrate that auctions currently used for allocating advertising
 positions are suboptimal and offer simple designs that can implement (or
 approximate) optimal and efficient auctions under quantity externalities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I also have a coauthored paper (accepted to Theoretical Economics) 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Active Learning with a Misspecified Prior
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 with Drew Fudenberg and Philipp Strack.
 We study learning and information acquisition by a Bayesian agent whose
 prior belief is misspecified in the sense that it assigns probability zero
 to the true state of the world.
 We set up a learning model in continuous time, and using results from the
 theory of stochastic diffusion processes, provide a complete characterization
 of asymptotic actions and beliefs when the agent’s subjective state space
 is a doubleton.
 We find a novel interaction between misspecification and the agent’s discount
 rate.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
bigskip
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Going forward, I plan to continue working on questions of marketplace design
 and platform strategy.
 One important marketplace design question I am interested in is the degree
 of market centralization.
 Being an old question in the history of economic thought (going back to
 Hayek and Lerner), it has recently become relevant again after the rise
 of 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865578
new
\change_unchanged
 digital marketplaces, such as Uber and Airbnb.
 One
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865624
 interesting
\change_unchanged
 way to approach the question of centralization is to consider the tradeoff
 between information elicitation and transaction costs, which was informally
 introduced 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865642
in
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865639
in
\change_unchanged
 Einav, L., Farronato, C.
 and Levin, J.
 (2016) Peer-to-Peer Markets, 
\emph on
The Annual Review of Economics.
 
\emph default

\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A lot of design decisions for the existing platform can be explained in
 terms of this tradeoff.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 For example, eliciting Uber passengers' preferences over cars ha
\change_inserted -484307115 1479866635
ve
\change_deleted -484307115 1479866634
s
\change_unchanged
 little marginal benefit relative to the hassle costs associated with asking
 questions and 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865680
making passengers 
\change_unchanged
search
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865687
ing
\change_unchanged
.
 The resolution of this tradeoff determines the degree of platform centralizatio
n and is a key design decision that drives the success of the platform.
 Despite its significance, there are important subtleties that have to be
 understood before we are ready to give practical advice.
 What side of the market should do the work to provide information for the
 match? Unlike price, information is multi-dimensional, and in particular,
 a platform participant possess
\change_inserted -484307115 1479866674
es
\change_unchanged
 information both about his match payoff and the counter-party's payoff.
 How does it affect the elicitation policies? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another interesting 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479864137
question
\change_inserted -484307115 1479864139
research topic
\change_unchanged
 is endogenous network effects.
 In many cases, a 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479845988
platform
\change_inserted -484307115 1479845990
company
\change_unchanged
 has a strategic decision to choose 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865741
the extent 
\change_unchanged
to 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479865747
what extent 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865748
which the affiliated entities (customers, suppliers) 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479846025
the sides of the market
\change_unchanged
 are insulated from each other (Hagiu, A.
 and Wright, J.
 (2015) Marketplace or reseller?, 
\emph on
Management Science
\emph default
).
 For example, Walmart can choose 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479864669
the fraction of the inventory risk borne by its suppliers
\change_deleted -484307115 1479864682
the degree at which its suppliers are responsible for the leftover inventories
\change_unchanged
, and this determines the extent to which the suppliers care about the Walmart
 customer base.

\change_inserted -484307115 1479866226
 That is, the company can choose the strength of the network effects, and
 so can choose whether to be a reseller or a two-sided market.
 Similar logic applies to Uber drivers who can be more or less insulated
 from the variations in demand, and this determines the composition of the
 driver base.
 The strength of network effects is an important strategic decision, and
 an increasing number of companies shift their business model into some
 sort of platform.
 It is critical to understand what market condition are fruitful for the
 platform business model and what mechanisms determine the strength of network
 effects.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1479846049
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1479865846
 
\change_unchanged

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I would probably only list a couple and (in one paragraph per question)
 and 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
highlight why it is an interesting/relevant question and what you would
 likely do/find.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Itemize
product company vs.
 a platform, endogenous network effects (e.g.
 Hagiu, A.
 and Wright, J.
 (2015) Marketplace or reseller?, 
\emph on
Management Science
\emph default
); 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

revenue maximizing matching
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, design of matching markets with endogenous participation; 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
the tradeoff between information elicitation and transaction costs (informally
 introduced in Einav, L., Farronato, C.
 and Levin, J.
 (2016) Peer-to-Peer Markets, 
\emph on
The Annual Review of Economics
\emph default
);
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
centralized vs.
 decentralized marketplace;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
the role of coarse information disclosure/standards/conflation in financial
 markets;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
universal marketplace vs.
 niche verticals.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given the abundance of data available in the digital economy, as well as
 other sectors affected by the digitization, I am open to doing empirical
 work on these subjects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Online Marketplaces,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Auctions,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Theory,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Mechanism Design,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Applied Theory,/Users/gleb/Dropbox/Projects/bib/Math"
options "apecon"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
