#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{patterns,arrows,decorations.pathreplacing,decorations.text}
\usepackage{xcolor}
 \usepackage{relsize}
\usepackage{graphicx}

\usepackage{showkeys}
\usepackage{cleveref}

\AtBeginDocument{%
%\let\ref\autoref
\let\ref\cref
\renewcommand\equationautorefname{\@gobble}
\providecommand{\propautorefname}{Proposition}
\providecommand{\thmautorefname}{Theorem}
\providecommand{\claimautorefname}{Claim}
%\providecommand{\conjautorefname}{Conjecture}
\providecommand{\exaautorefname}{Example}
\providecommand{\lemautorefname}{Lemma}
\providecommand{\secautorefname}{Section}
\providecommand{\subsecautorefname}{Subection}
\providecommand{\figureautorefname}{Figure}
}

%\newref{claim}{name=claim~,Name=Claim~,names=claims~,Names=Claims~}
%\newref{prop}{name=proposition~,Name=Proposition~,names=propositions~,Names=Propositions~}


%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim~\ref{#1}}}
\newref{lem}{refcmd={Lemma~\ref{#1}}}
\newref{sec}{refcmd={Section~\ref{#1}}}
%\newref{prop}{refcmd={Proposition~\ref{#1}}}
%\newref{thm}{refcmd={Theorem~\ref{#1}}}
%\newref{conj}{refcmd={Conjecture~\ref{#1}}}
%\newref{exa}{refcmd={Example~\ref{#1}}}
\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\newref{fig}{refcmd={Figure~\ref{#1}}}
%\newref{assu}{refcmd={Assumption~\ref{#1}}}



\renewcommand{\leq}{\leqslant}
\renewcommand{\geq}{\geqslant}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\author -484307115 "Gleb Romanyuk"
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Conclusion"

\end_inset

Discussion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper studies 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068532
the role of
\change_unchanged
 information intermediation in matching markets and shows that strategic
 information disclosure can be an effective tool for balancing the tradeoff
 between match quality and match rate.
 When the two sides of the market are not symmetric in their preferences
 for match quality and match rate, the more patient and selective side of
 the market (sellers in my setting) tends to cream-skim.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486066726
As a
\change_inserted -484307115 1486066726
A
\change_unchanged
 platform's policy
\change_inserted -484307115 1486066729
 of
\change_deleted -484307115 1486066728
,
\change_unchanged
 strategic 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486066734
limiting of
\change_unchanged
 information
\change_inserted -484307115 1486066741
 withholding
\change_unchanged
 can be used to reduce cream-skimming and improve total surplus
\change_inserted -484307115 1486066752
 generated on the platform
\change_unchanged
.
 In addition, 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486066761
withholding of
\change_deleted -484307115 1486066759
limiting
\change_unchanged
 information benefits sellers by offsetting the 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486066779
cream-skimming 
\change_unchanged
externality the sellers impose on each other
\change_deleted -484307115 1486066783
 when cream-skimming independently
\change_unchanged
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_deleted -484307115 1486136155
This paper provides a case for a platform's control over the matching process
 through information design.
 Strategic information disclosure is less intrusive than direct control
 and often more accessible than sophisticated pricing schemes.
 For example, one way to insure that sellers internalize the costs of rejection
 imposed on buyers is to charge sellers a fee for every rejection.
 However, such a policy makes transactions too information-sensitive, and
 makes it unsafe for sellers to participate on the platform.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "Rot08"

\end_inset

 names safety as one of three key requirements for a well-functioning market.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068901

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Strategic information 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486066973
limitation
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068773
withholding
\change_unchanged
 is relevant in practice and can be found in the design
\change_inserted -484307115 1486069000
s
\change_unchanged
 of many platforms.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068908

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_deleted -484307115 1486068908
Next I will consider the information design choices on the successful digital
 marketplaces.

\change_unchanged
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067096
Continuing with one of the examples from before, 
\change_unchanged
Uber explicitly limits information
\change_inserted -484307115 1486069024
 by hiding the passenger destination.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067133
 to improve the efficiency.

\change_unchanged
 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand formatted
reference "prop:FD-suboptimal"

\end_inset


\change_inserted -484307115 1486085598
 shows that it can be optimal to do so to maximize the total surplus.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067147
 shows that i
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067147
I
\change_unchanged
f drivers have
\change_inserted -484307115 1486085609
 too
\change_unchanged
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067157
full
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067160
detailed
\change_unchanged
 information about passenger 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067354
rides
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067356
requests
\change_unchanged
 and 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067344
full
\change_unchanged
 discretion over accepting
\change_inserted -484307115 1486085623
 them
\change_unchanged
, they 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486069088
will 
\change_unchanged
cream-skim
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067395
.
 This results in low
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067396
:
\change_unchanged
 acceptance rates 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067401
are low,
\change_unchanged
 and 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067404
the
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067407
suboptimal
\change_unchanged
 demand-supply fit
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067412
 is suboptimal
\change_unchanged
.
 The platform's policy of hiding passenger destination from drivers is used
 to nudge drivers to accept more rides and avoid 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486135615
the
\change_unchanged
 cream-skimming 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067456
based 
\change_unchanged
on destination.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486135877

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Hiding destination improves efficiency if 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486135841
it increases the driver's expected marginal profit but does not decrease
 the expected average profit so much that the driver leaves the platform.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486135845
the resulting increase in the driver's expected marginal profit is large
 enough to induce drivers to accept rides with unknown destination, but
 the decline in the expected average profit is small enough to keep drivers
 on the platform.

\change_unchanged
 Buyers 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067532
would significantly and 
\change_unchanged
unambiguously benefit from the resulting shorter wait times
\change_deleted -484307115 1486135917
, and, in this way, information coarsening improves the quality of service
 for passengers.
\change_inserted -484307115 1486135917
.

\change_unchanged
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It the current version of UberX, the passenger destination is fully concealed
\change_deleted -484307115 1486135947
 and is not used in pricing.
\change_inserted -484307115 1486135947
.
\change_unchanged

\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Uber drivers can use the destination filter twice a day.
 If used, the platform filters passenger requests and offers only those
 that are aligned with the driver's preferred destination.
 For more details, see 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "http://www.ridesharingdriver.com/uber-destination-filter-get-passengers-heading-your-direction/"
target "http://www.ridesharingdriver.com/uber-destination-filter-get-passengers-heading-your-direction/"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 This paper shows that partial 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486135934
coarsening
\change_inserted -484307115 1486135936
revelation
\change_unchanged
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067589
would
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067590
could
\change_unchanged
 be more efficient.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067618
For example, m
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067618
M
\change_unchanged
y results 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067606
show
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067622
imply, for instance,
\change_unchanged
 that the drivers with better outside option (low type sellers) require
 finer disclosure to stay 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067644
profitable 
\change_unchanged
on the platform
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067649
,
\change_unchanged
 while drivers with worse outside option (high type sellers) 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067697
will stay on the platform even if the provision of information is limited.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067699
can be squeezed out.

\change_unchanged
 In such situation, the following
\change_inserted -484307115 1486067734
 policy with
\change_unchanged
 partial 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486136004
coarsening
\change_inserted -484307115 1486136006
revelation
\change_unchanged
 can work better.
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486136042
All possible passenger destinations are broken down into three categories
 based on the probability of getting a subsequent ride for drivers: very
 likely, likely, and unlikely, where the middle category is large enough
 to include most destinations.
 The disclosure policy signals to the driver only the category the true
 destination belongs to.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486067840
The destination of a passenger is discretized into three categories, close,
 medium-range, and far, where the medium-range is wide enough to include
 most rides.
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_deleted -484307115 1486136093
UberX currently uses a simple pricing rule combined with information disclosure
 coarsening and other requirements for drivers, such as minimal acceptance
 rates.
 A natural question is why Uber does not adopt a flexible pricing scheme
 that would condition price on ride destination.
 There are several reasons for this.
 First, consumers appreciate transparent and simple pricing, both because
 it is easier to assess the cost of a ride before looking it up in the app
 and because complex pricing can feel like price gauging.
 Second, flexible pricing that conditions on destination is a non-trivial
 development task that requires significant development resources.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
UberPool already conditions prices on many variables, and as far as I am
 aware from private conversations, Uber is testing similarly flexible pricing
 scheme on its UberX product.
 Currently, the upfront UberX price is calculated using the expected time
 and distance of the trip and local traffic, as well as how many riders
 and nearby drivers have their Uber app open at that moment.
 See 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://newsroom.uber.com/upfront-fares-no-math-and-no-surprises/"
target "https://newsroom.uber.com/upfront-fares-no-math-and-no-surprises/"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Third, and relatedly, it is not feasible to condition on every possible
 relevant variable in the transportation market.
 There is some complexity threshold for the designer beyond which increasing
 the price complexity is not justified on practicality grounds.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
See 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "Seg07"

\end_inset

 for the study of communication requirements of social choice rules.
 It demonstrates that in some social choice problems, the space of prices
 that must be discovered is prohibitively large.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 In particular, 
\series bold

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
[
\series bold
FIND A BETTER WAY TO TRANSITION TO THIS POINT FROM YOUR PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH]
\end_layout

\end_inset


\series default
 the destination variable should be discretized to be practically useful
 for pricing.
 Finally, Uber has sufficient data on its users to introduce personalized
 pricing for each passenger independent of just individual destination.
 Because of a risk of price-discrimination litigation, personalized pricing
 has not been implemented.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
[
\series bold
FIND A BETTER WAY TO TRANSITION TO THIS closing thought]
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Understanding the benefits of information disclosure over flexible transfer
 schemes is an important venue for the future research.
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Uber has a version of cream-skimming due to option value of waiting, where
 drivers game the system to ride up surge pricing.
 They cancel jobs as prices surge so they make more money.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
but how would coarsening work here?
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For Airbnb, 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand formatted
reference "prop:FD-suboptimal"

\end_inset

 shows that hosts cream-skim if they have detailed information about guests.
 This 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486069219
results in
\change_inserted -484307115 1486069220
leads to
\change_unchanged
 low acceptance rates that fail to satisfy guest demand for convenient booking
 service, thereby compromising marketplace performance.
 The Instant Book feature in its current version acts as an information
 coarsening policy, incentivizing hosts to accept more guest requests.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068128
As a first order effect, g
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068129
G
\change_unchanged
uests benefit because booking is fast.
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068169
A direct effect of this on hosts is that they lose
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068148
Hosts are squeezed out
\change_unchanged
 because they have less control over their guests.
 However, 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068187
as a second order effect
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068192
in an indirect effect
\change_unchanged
, hosts 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068204
also
\change_unchanged
 benefit
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068232
 from larger number of guest attracted to the platform by a more efficient
 disclosure policy.
 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486069193
, because better user experience attracts more guests to the platform.
 As a result, total welfare increases, in addition to platform participation.
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Optimal guest segmentation in the Instant Book feature should remain coarse.
 Too fine segmentation of guests brings back the problem of cream-skimming.
 The problem of optimal guest segments is equivalent to the problem of the
 optimal information disclosure and can be analyzed within the framework
 of this paper.
 Specifically, the optimal guest segmentation balances host demand for transpare
ncy and guest demand for convenience.
 Furthermore, markets with a higher buyer-to-seller ratio require coarser
 guest segmentation than the markets with a low buyer-to-seller ratio.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For TaskRabbit and other temp agencies, 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand formatted
reference "prop:FD-suboptimal"

\end_inset

 shows that if service providers understand well their payoffs from the
 offered tasks, they cream-skim.
 A service provider may prefer to reject the tasks 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068331
that are too far in terms of
\change_inserted -484307115 1486068336
that require long
\change_unchanged
 traveling
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068339
 distance
\change_unchanged
, inconvenient in timing, or uninteresting.
 This cream-skimming yields low labor force utilization, which is inefficient
 from the platform's perspective.
 Buyers prefer to be able to hire workers on demand.
 TaskRabbit's solution was to redesign the matching system so that service
 providers commit to an hourly rate over a broad category of tasks.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://blog.taskrabbit.com/2014/06/17/unveiling-the-new-taskrabbit/"
target "https://blog.taskrabbit.com/2014/06/17/unveiling-the-new-taskrabbit/"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The benefit of this coarsening is two-fold.
 First, as in the above examples, it nudges the service providers to accept
 more tasks by increasing their expected marginal profit.
 Second, since the platform uses only task type (e.g.
 Home Cleaning) to match clients and workers, the platform need to elicit
 from clients only the type of the requested task.
 This further improves the clients' experience on the platform, because
 answering multiple questions is burdensome for the clients.
 
\change_inserted -484307115 1486136170

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_inserted -484307115 1486137131
This paper provides a case for using information design as a way for a platform
 to influence the matching process.
 Strategic information disclosure is arguably less intrusive than direct
 control and often more palatable than sophisticated pricing schemes.
 To see why, recall that a standard economic approach to dealing with externalit
ies is to impose corrective payments.
 For example, a seller can be made to pay a fee for every rejection equal
 to the buyer's cost of the rejection.
 Such a policy, however, makes transactions too information-sensitive, and
  the market  unsafe for the sellers to participate.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -484307115 1486136170
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "Rot08"

\end_inset

 names safety as one of three key requirements for a well-functioning market.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\change_inserted -484307115 1486137598
UberX currently uses a simple pricing rule
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -484307115 1486137454
The upfront UberX price is a function of the expected duration and distance
 of the trip and the surge price coefficient.
 The surge price coefficient depends on the how many riders and nearby drivers
 have their Uber app open at that moment.
 See 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://newsroom.uber.com/upfront-fares-no-math-and-no-surprises/"
target "https://newsroom.uber.com/upfront-fares-no-math-and-no-surprises/"

\end_inset

.
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_inset

 combined with information disclosure coarsening and other requirements
 for drivers, such as minimal acceptance rates.
 A natural question is why Uber does not adopt a more flexible pricing scheme
 that would, for instance, condition price on destination.
 As far as I know, this question has not been answered well in the economic
 literature, and here I discuss several possible rationales for the coarse
 Uber pricing.
 First, consumers appreciate transparent and simple pricing, both because
 it is easier to assess the cost of a ride before looking it up in the app
 and because complex pricing can feel like price gauging.
 Uber has sufficient data on its users to introduce personalized pricing
 for each passenger independent of just individual destination.
 Because of a risk of price-discrimination litigation, however, personalized
 pricing has not been implemented.
 Second, flexible pricing that conditions on destination is a non-trivial
 development task that requires significant development resources.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -484307115 1486137633
UberPool already conditions prices on many variables, and as far as I am
 aware from private conversations, Uber is testing similarly flexible pricing
 scheme in the UberX product.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Third, and relatedly, it is not feasible to condition on every possible
 relevant variable in the transportation market.
 There is some complexity threshold for the designer beyond which increasing
 the price complexity is not justified on practicality grounds.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -484307115 1486136101
See 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "Seg07"

\end_inset

 for the study of communication requirements of social choice rules.
 It demonstrates that in some social choice problems, the space of prices
 that must be discovered is prohibitively large.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

  Understanding the benefits of strategic information disclosure relative
 to flexible transfer schemes is an important venue for the future research.
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
ifdraft{
\backslash
color{blue} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper has two implications for 
\change_deleted -484307115 1483046449
the
\change_unchanged
 platform designers.
 First, it alerts for potentially adverse effects of increased observability.
 If the buyer and seller side of a 
\change_deleted -484307115 1486068418
given
\change_unchanged
 market are not symmetric in their preferences for match rate and match
 quality, then revealing rich information to the pickier side of the market
 hampers match rate.
 The side of the market that values high match rate as opposed to high match
 quality suffers.
 This may create the unbalanced market that won't scale up.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, if a given market is fast-moving and match rate enters into the
 participants utility functions, limiting information can achieve better
 matching efficiency.
 Strategic information withholding may come at various forms.
 One is literal information withholding as the one we observe in the case
 of Uber.
 Another one is creating standards.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

}
\backslash
fi
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper focuses on the limited set of the platform's design choices.
 Other mechanisms also critically impact these markets.
 Flexible pricing and such matching mechanisms as real-time auctions, surge
 pricing, recommender systems
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
anyting else?
\end_layout

\end_inset

, may also help to ensure a good supply-demand fit.
 The relative effectiveness of different design choices is an exciting area
 for further work.
 
\series bold

\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
[THIS LAST PARAGRAPH SEEMS TO BE DIFFERENT FROM THE REST OF THE DISCUSSION
 IN YOUR CONCLUSION...DO YOU WANT TO END WITH THIS?]
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
implications for the platform design.
 1.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

First, it alerts to potentially adverse effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
of increasing observability of buyer characteristics.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 2.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
