#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%\newref{claim}{refcmd={Claim \ref{#1}}}
%\newref{eq}{refcmd={(\ref{#1})}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams-bytype
theorems-ams-extended-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=[rgb]{0,0,0.5}, citecolor=[rgb]{0,0.3,0}"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\branch Evidence for discontinuity
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch V-is-str-convex
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma3
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma2
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\branch proof-lemma1
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection
Script of the talk: Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In matching markets, such as housing market, labor market, transportation
 market, it is important that buyers and sellers find and form the most
 valuable matches.
 But it is also important that these matches happen fast.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Just to fix the ideas, let me use Airbnb as an example.
 On Airbnb, guests request lodging services from hosts but about half of
 requests are rejected.
 Rejections are consequential.
 Conditional on being rejected from their first request, searchers are 51%
 less likely to eventually book a listing for a given market.
 (Fradkin 2016) Where are rejections coming from?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A distinguishing feature of a matching market relative to a consumer market
 is that sellers have non-trivial preferences over buyers.
 Sellers reject buyers because a buyer is not a good fit.
 This creates the problem of 
\emph on
excessive screening
\emph default
.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[slide with Airbnb, uber, taskrabbit]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of my work is to understand where the inefficiency is coming from
 and how to fix it using information design.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{document}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Older version
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Hello, today I am presenting my 
\series bold
job
\series default
 market paper where I study how 
\series bold
limiting
\series default
 
\series bold
information
\series default
 can 
\series bold
improve
\series default
 
\series bold
performance
\series default
 of decentralized matching markets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To fix ideas, I will start by 
\series bold
phrasing
\series default
 my research question in the context of 
\series bold
Airbnb
\series default
.
 Then I will show that my 
\series bold
findings
\series default
 apply more 
\series bold
generally
\series default
, to 
\series bold
other
\series default
 decentralized matching markets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Airbnb is a marketplace for lodging that's matching 
\series bold
guests
\series default
 and 
\series bold
hosts
\series default
.
 In a 
\series bold
typical
\series default
 interaction, a guest 
\series bold
searches
\series default
 over available listings and sends inquiries to those he likes.
 Hosts search passively.
 A host 
\series bold
reviews
\series default
 the guest request and 
\series bold
accepts
\series default
 it only if he 
\series bold
likes
\series default
 the guest.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It sounds nice and efficient but there is a problem.
 If hosts reject guests too 
\series bold
often
\series default
, they slow 
\series bold
down
\series default
 the 
\series bold
guest
\series default
 side of the market.
 By 
\series bold
rejecting
\series default
, hosts 
\series bold
waste
\series default
 the guests' 
\series bold
time
\series default
 and 
\series bold
search
\series default
 efforts.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
[This is what I will call the cross-side search externality.
 ]
\end_layout

\end_inset

 And 
\series bold
indeed
\series default
, we observe on Airbnb data that hosts often prefer to remain 
\series bold
unmatched
\series default
 rather than accept someone (20% as found by Fradkin 2015).
 Now, suppose that Airbnb's objective is to maximize total welfare on the
 platform, where welfare includes both guest and hosts value from 
\series bold
matches,
\series default
 
\series bold
and
\series default
 
\series bold
also disutility
\series default
 from 
\series bold
search
\series default
 efforts and 
\series bold
wasted time
\series default
.
 Then 
\series bold
excessive search
\series default
 is a problem for Airbnb because even if the participants 
\series bold
find
\series default
 the most 
\series bold
valuable
\series default
 matches, the 
\series bold
search
\series default
 costs are too 
\series bold
high
\series default
.
 How can Airbnb deal with excessive search problem? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I approach this problem using information design.
 Now, Airbnb is a digital marketplace and controls most aspects of the matching
 system.
 In particular, it controls the information guests and hosts see about each
 other on their profiles.
 
\series bold
Question
\series default
: Can Airbnb design an information disclosure policy to alleviate the problem
 of excessive search and improve efficiency of the marketplace? For example,
 Airbnb hosts screen guests based on guest gender, socio-economic status,
 day schedule, race, personality, messiness, star rating, reviews, etc.
 How much communication between hosts and guests should be allowed? What
 guests attributes should be made visible and others less visible? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The effect of information disclosure is ambiguous in matching markets.
 There are three competing effects.
 First, the Individual Choice effect.
 Workers want to be as informed as possible about guests characteristics
 because they want to 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The 
\series bold
standard
\series default
 intuition suggests that to increase 
\series bold
matching value
\series default
, the designer wants hosts and guests to 
\series bold
disclose
\series default
 the maximum of relevant 
\series bold
information
\series default
 about themselves, so that the participants of the marketplace can
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\series bold
find
\series default
 and 
\series bold
form
\series default
 the 
\series bold
most
\series default
 
\series bold
valuable
\series default
 matches.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
========
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, abundance of information about match value can also have 
\series bold
negative
\series default
 effects on welfare.
 More information about guests increases the perceived diversity of guests
 and induces more search on the host side.
 More search is inefficient if the guests and hosts preference are not perfectly
 aligned.
 For example, there is a conflict if guests are less picky than hosts but
 are more time-sensitive.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In my paper, I show how a policy of 
\emph on
coarse
\emph default
 revelation of guest information can be used to alleviate the excessive
 search problem and improve the efficiency of the marketplace.
 For example, ...
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The high-level intuition for the simplest case of static matching with 1
 worker comes from standard papers on information disclosure (AM95 and KG11).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What's missing in this simple example is the actual dynamic nature of matching
 and heterogeneity of host audience – which both should be taken into account
 while building the optimal information disclosure policy.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To capture the dynamism and heterogeneity I build a model of a decentralized
 matching marketplace...
 [preview of results here].
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My framework applies more broadly to many others decentralized matching
 markets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Let me tell you what I mean by this.
 When hosts 
\series bold
reject
\series default
 guest requests, they impose 
\series bold
externalities
\series default
 on 
\series bold
guests
\series default
 
\series bold
and
\series default
 the 
\series bold
other
\series default
 workers.
 First, when a host rejects, the guest's time and search effort is wasted.
 As a result , when workers 
\series bold
screen
\series default
 guests, they 
\series bold
slow down
\series default
 the guest side of the market.
 Second, when a host rejects, his listing remains active on the marketplace
 and presents competition to other workers.
 Ok, these were the two search externalities I am focusing on in my paper.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A natural reaction here would be to tax the externalities, for example,
 charge a fee from a host when he rejects.
 This is not really feasible because it creates the unsafe marketplace,
 and also it's hard to calculate the exact fee amount.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
